# Code Example: Problem 2

## Description
Slot Machine Spin Results is our server end point that updates all player data and features when a spin is completed on the client. We do hundreds of millions of these requests per day, and we would like to see you make a very basic MySQL driven version.

## Notes
There are obviously many possibilities for how this should work. For the sake of simplicity I'm using the following assumptions:
* request data is being esnt as POST data. Considering the output is JSON, it would be likely the input is also being sent in JSON format, however that could be as assigned to a POST variable, or in JSON format as the content of the request.
* the player hash is being generated by running MD5 on the salt. Ideally we should be using something more secure, however I chose MD5 for this for simplicity with multiple client types (ie// JS, Swift, Android Java, etc).
* no third-party libraries are being used.

## DB Schema
    CREATE TABLE `player` (
      `player_id` int(11) unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
      `name` varchar(64),
      `credits` int(11) unsigned NOT NULL default 0,
      `lifetime_spins` int(11) unsigned NOT NULL default 0,
      `salt_value` varchar(32), -- expectant 128bit SHA-256 salt as a 32-char hex
      PRIMARY KEY (`player_id`)
    ) Engine=InnoDB;

    INSERT INTO `player` (`player_id`, `name`, `credits`, `lifetime_spins`, `salt_value`)
    VALUES
      (1, 'Bill Smith', 0, 0, 'SXAxxiym9QmjodB6JzSghJ2vy8SlJqWP'),
      (2, 'Nancy Drew', 0, 0, 'mjBCha6aCgRZ9KdUMxUckKQbYoHCawg6'),
      (3, 'Bethany Barry', 0, 0, 'Yl3KTogIw2tLW4q3KojXsQ7J6UnTI6TJ');


